(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time
for a final challenge exercise for this course.
This time, you're going to write a few of your own end points
in our ReSTful web service.
So here's the basic requirements for this challenge.
First of all, you're going to expose a service
that lists all of our guests
and you're also going to expose a service
that allows a guest to be added to the list.
Both of those APIs will respond at API guests.
Now, the list should be a get call,
the add should be a post call.
You're also going to expose a service
that lists our rooms at api/rooms.
You are going to wire all of these
through our ReservationService.
And that's all there is to it.
Now, you're going to stretch yourself a little bit,
'cause I haven't shown you how to do a post body,
but I think you can handle it by reading the documentation
if you need to.
It's not that far different from doing a get
with the RequestParam.
You've just got a RequestBody now
instead of a RequestParam.
But play with it and see what you can do
and I'll be around next to show you my solution.